Add X509 certificate copy rest api (api/v1/cc/{serial}) support (#47)
Linaro/lite_bootstrap_server: README.md

          --key certs/BOOTSTRAP.key  \
          -H 'Content-Type: application/cbor' \
          -H 'Accept: application/cbor' \
          https://MBP2021.local:1443/api/v1/ccs
```

#### Response

Replies with a CBOR array containing the following fields:

```cddl
{
   1 => tstr,  ; Hubname
   2 => int,   ; Port

> }

Reviewer: This should stay under `####` and is still valid as the CBOR response.

Author: When we run the curl command for ccs still we get a response in binary output

```
 curl -v --cacert certs/CA.crt  \
          --cert certs/BOOTSTRAP.crt \
          --key certs/BOOTSTRAP.key  \
          -H 'Content-Type: application/cbor' \
          -H 'Accept: application/cbor' \
          https://arm-virtual-machine.local:1443/api/v1/ccs
```

Response on the console:

```
< content-type: application/cbor
< content-length: 12
< date: Thu, 06 Oct 2022 20:07:03 GMT
< 
* TLSv1.2 (IN), TLS header, Supplemental data (23):
Warning: Binary output can mess up your terminal. Use "--output -" to tell 
Warning: curl to output it to your terminal anyway, or consider "--output 
Warning: <FILE>" to save to a file.
* Failure writing output to destination
* stopped the pause stream!
* Connection #0 to host arm-virtual-machine.local left intact
```

So I removed the response block for cbor

Reviewer: I think showing the CDDL output like this is useful to indicate to people what format that binary data consist of, so that they know how to parse it. It's hard to display the CBOR another way.

Author: we are getting CBOR encoded in binary format and unreadable.
Even utility `cbor_decoder.go` decode and print the response in `JSON` format and it is not CDDL and it confuses the reader/user, I am not getting why we need to show CDDL for only ccs and not for other rest APIs CBOR response

Reviewer: We should document these consistently everywhere. Current docs are inconsistent, I agree. I'll do that myself in a new PR, though, not to block this one.

- `Hubname` contains the Azure IoT Hub hubname string.
- `Port` contains the Azure IoT Hub MQTT port number.

## `api/v1/cc/{serial}` X509 Certificate Copy Request: **GET**

> Requests the x509 certificate copy based on the supplied certificate serial number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requests a copy of the x509 certificate associated with the supplied serial number.
If found, the certificate data is returned in PEM format (BASE64 ASCII).
```

If you need information about the serial number refer 
[here](#apiv1csserial-certificate-status-request-get)

### Request by default `application/json`

You can send the x509 certificate copy request via:

```bash
$ curl -v --cacert certs/CA.crt  \
          --cert certs/BOOTSTRAP.crt \
          --key certs/BOOTSTRAP.key  \
          https://MBP2021.local:1443/api/v1/cc/1664276589086394391

> ```

Reviewer: We'll also need this to work with CBOR, though the default should be JSON when no content type is specified.

          https://MBP2021.local:1443/api/v1/ccs
```

> ### Response

Reviewer: This should stay at the `####` level since it only describes the JSON response, and restore the CBOR response above, so that they are both documented.
